---
title: 'The Land of Smiles'
date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 10:19:49 +0000
draft: false
tags: [Thailand]
---

**Kia ora everyone. Thanks for joining us again. ** It's been about a year since we posted our final thoughts on our Japan trip. This year we're travelling to Thailand for about 3 weeks. We've been planning this holiday for over 6 months, and now it's less than 6 days until we leave! It's hard to believe when your holiday is this close. Suddenly, it's no longer a far away **_two-hour-Thai-aromatherapy-massage_** daydream. Nope, it's just about to come true. These final days will go by fast because outside of our busy work lives we're packing up our apartment, which was recently sold! Not only that, but I've got an exciting [conference](http://www.clarity2016.org/welcome/) to go to right up until the day we leave. I've been to Thailand before to visit my father (who lives there), but it will be Jase's first time. Here's an outline of the main destinations we'll be visiting: **Sunday 6 November**: Wellington -> Sydney -> Bangkok -> Phuket (Karon beach) **Thursday 10 November**: Karon Beach -> Phuket Town **Saturday 12 November**: Phuket Town -> Ao Nang **Monday 14 November**: Ao Nang -> Chiang Mai **Sunday 20 November**: Chiang Mai -> Bangkok **Tuesday 29 November**: Bangkok -> Sydney -> Wellington We look forward to sharing our adventures (especialy food-related!) with you. Assuming of course we get access to reliable wifi connections! Khobkhun (Thank you) & Sawasdee Ka (Bye!) Kimmie