---
title: 'Getting a job in London'
date: 
cover: '/img/europe//'
tags: [bureaucracy, job, londonlife]
categories: [Life in London]
---

Jase did not have to worry about finding a job in London as he received a  job transfer to his organisation's London office. Kimmie was not so lucky and had to navigate her way through the big, scary, and confusing London job market. This post is about her experience. 

Where to start?
---------------

Good question. It's a bit overwhelming. The London job market is teeming with recruitment agencies, many of which specialise in a certain field. This makes it easy if you have a defined skill set or trade (e.g. IT or teaching). I found it difficult as I didn't have any particularly defined sector to look in.

Recruitment agencies
--------------------

I have mixed feelings about recruitment agencies. On the one hand, I prefer to be able to independently find a job by directly submitting my CV to the relevant organisation. On the other hand, recruitment agencies work on your behalf to find you a job ("free" work, but they obviously take a cut of your wages once you secure a job!). Provided you deal with a good agency, they can give you helpful advice about the London job market and how to alter your CV. I was also offered free Microsoft Office training. Not to mention, it's difficult to avoid agencies here! Sometimes I thought I was applying directly to an organisation but later found out that I had to go through an agency.

### Registering with an agency

I found it easy enough to make an appointment with an agency. The agency I chose was pretty friendly and made me feel quite relaxed. I was given lots of paperwork to complete while the recruitment consultant popped out of the room to scan my important documents. Some sections I couldn't fill out (such as my NINO number, as that paperwork is still in the mail...) but luckily it didn't matter at this stage. After I'd filled out the paperwork, I had what was essentially an interview with a consultant. Some of the questions I was asked made me feel like I was filling out a dating profile: "tell me two locations you want to visit?" and "what words would you use to describe yourself?" I was surprised when asked a behavioural question, as I didn't know I had signed myself up for an actual interview. Luckily, it didn't bother me too much as  it was a fairly easy one: "tell me about a time when you've gone above and beyond your usual role". Future interviewers, please feel free to ask me this one instead of some of those other mean ones you love! :) After this "interview", I was informed that another consultant would come in to chat with me about my CV. This consultant was actually pretty helpful, and provided me with practical tips on how to make my CV more relevant to the London job market. One thing I was told to do was to change some of my job titles so they are more transferable. I was a bit alarmed by this at first, as I didn't want my CV to be untruthful. However, I realised that it was a small integrity self-sacrifice that I had to get over in order to find a job here. Speaking of CVs, one thing I found _really_ frustrating was the amount of times I had to rework my CV. I am fully aware that you should cater your CV to each job (even if only the introductory part), but this was actually rearranging the content and layout of my CV. It took me quite a few hours of work each time I was asked to change my CV.

### Waiting for the phone to ring

For a week, there was nothing. I did what I the internet advised me to do...attempt to remain visible. Make sure they know you exist. Bother them. Ok, so I didn't really bother them...I couldn't do that. It's not really in my nature. But, I did try to find convenient excuses to email them! Hello – I now have an address that I must email you about. Hello again – here's my updated CV! I didn't hear much from the recruiters for the first week. I kept being told that it was a "waiting game" and that they would let me know when something suitable came up.

Proactively searching online
----------------------------

I wasn't willing to just sit around and wait for a recruitment agency to call me. I didn't even know how highly I was being prioritized or how long they would take to find something "suitable". So, after a week of waiting, I was ready to dive into the deep end and search online myself.

### Searching for the right kind of job

There are a few different ways to apply for jobs. The scatter gun approach, where you fire your CV at as many places as possible as quickly as possible, and the targeted approach. I personally prefer the targeted approach. I waded through lots of jobs on quite a few websites. Many of the jobs were not in any way related to what I wanted to do. They didn't inspire me. I tried to narrow my search by typing key words into sites such as [Reed](https://www.reed.co.uk/) and [Guardian Jobs](https://jobs.theguardian.com/). By some crazy stroke of luck, I ended up finding the job I was eventually offered by typing one of my skills into a site like this! Many job ads are intimidating. I know that in general girls have a bad habit of not applying for roles because they do't fit _all_ of the job criteria, so I was conscious of not doing this. But still, I couldn't help it. Isn't it a bit cheeky to apply for a job which says it is essential to have "advanced Excel skills" (what does this even mean?) and you don't think you tick this box (even if you could learn it)? Won't it mean that even if you get the job you'll be way out of your league?

### Pressing "apply" and hoping for the best

I applied for about six different jobs on the first day of my search. Some jobs took a lot longer to apply for than others. Some required me to pretty much write an essay! After applying for one of the aforementioned jobs, I got quite a surprise when I received a phone call two minutes after applying. It was from the recruitment agency for that job. The recruiter said she thought my CV looked good (at this point I was sceptical about whether she was just making conversation or she actually meant it, but later I realised she did mean it). She said she was keen to forward my CV to the employer and asked if that would be ok. I was a bit confused, as I thought that in applying I was already saying that I was ok with sending my application to the employer. In any case, I agreed. That same recruiter rang me again early the next day to say that the employer wanted to interview me. Exciting! She also asked me to come down to her office after my interview to register with her agency. Hooray, another registration process...

### My phone is going off the _hook_!

Of course, when the first recruiter found out that I had an interview for a job they had not arranged...suddenly I was of interest. In fact, I had at least four different consultants from that agency contact me asking if they could send my CV off for various roles. I even managed to get another interview for the day after my other one. It was all a bit stressful and overwhelming. I like to have lots of time to prepare for interviews (especially now as I have not done one recently), but I had to quickly get up to speed. During the few days I had to prep, I got so many phone calls. Including from several other new recruitment agencies call me wanting me to register. I had to fend them off! They all wanted to meet with me ASAP (obviously because they are more likely to get a commission if they find you a job first) but I just wanted time to prepare for my first interview! To give you an idea of how many phone calls, I think I was receiving one about every 40 minutes. You might think this is a good problem to have, but it ended up taking up a lot of my time and stressing me out even more!       I searched across quite a few sites, wading through lots of jobs that were not in any way related to what I wanted. Many job ads were intimidating. I know that in general girls have a bad habit of not applying for roles because they do't fit _all_ of the job criteria, so I was conscious of not doing this. But still, I couldn't help it. Isn't it a bit cheeky to apply for a job which says it is essential to have "advanced Excel skills" (what does this even mean?) and you don't think you tick this box (even if you could learn it)? Won't it mean that even if you get the job you'll be way out of your league? I tried to narrow my search by typing key words into sites such as [Reed](https://www.reed.co.uk/) and [Guardian Jobs](https://jobs.theguardian.com/). By some crazy stroke of luck, I managed to find the role I was offered by typing one of my skills into a site like this!