---
title: 'Arrived'
date: Mon, 03 Mar 2014 03:15:52 +0000
draft: false
tags: [India]
---

So, I made it to the joining hotel. Somehow. You know how I've had plenty of warnings never to drink the water in India? What was this first thing I did when I arrived? I made beeline for the nearest drinking fountain and took a sip. Whoops. Hopefully I'll be ok. After half an hour with some immigration officials who resembled the two Ronnies I managed to get my entry visa. I then bumbled my way through the airport. After finally getting some cash I tried to buy some water. Was unsuccessful because the shop didn't have enough change for a 500 note. Wasn't able to get a sim card for my phone as apparently the activation servers are down or something. I finally found a coffee shop, broke one of my notes, accidentally ordered a short black, and then chatted to a hippie American Buddhist. As soon as I walked out of the airport a few of the scammers picked me out, trying to get me to go into the wrong taxi. They're a real pain. With a bit of luck I finally found the proper taxi. Driving through the streets of Delhi had me re-evaluating my life choices. The traffic is mayhem, people casually wander the highways, and I saw a guy cycling the wrong way up the highway. When you get into the towns there's rubbish everywhere and none of the shops if that's what you'd call then look very appetising! There was quite a bit of mist while we were driving. The whole scene strongly resembled something from left 4 dead. I swear this is where they filmed Walking Dead. There's even ravens crowing overhead for atmosphere. I'm currently sitting in the rooftop courtyard eating breakfast. It's surprisingly nice. There's a bit of sunshine. The sound of the crows, horns, and somebody spitting make an interesting backdrop.