---
title: 'Indian astronomers'
date: Sun, 16 Mar 2014 15:59:16 +0000
draft: false
tags: [India]
categories: [India]
---

Yesterday we took the bus from Pushkar to Jaipur. We had the option of taking a public bus for 6 hours, or paying an extra 150 rupee for a quicker private bus. We opted for the private one. The girls bought booze for the bus and so got pretty rowdy over the journey. At one point on the bus we saw a mini sand tornado form on the side of the road. I was too slow to take a picture. After the bus ride we relaxed at the hotel. Later we went out for a quick walk around the town, and then stopped off at an Indian KFC for dinner. The food was pretty similar to the KFC back home, which was great because it wasn't Indian. This morning we went to the amber fort. On the way over the stopped off and saw a snake charmer. It wasn't very exciting. The snake looked drugged or something. Very docile. There was an option to ride an elephant into the fort, but we were too late as the elephants we getting angry and tired. Apparently each elephant only does five trips a day. The fort was really big and pretty neat. There were lots of tourists though, most of the Indian, but also lots of Chinese. It was funny and then somewhat creepy the number of Indian and Chinese tourists gathering around to take pictures of us whenever we sat down. After the fort we went to a hotel for lunch. It was pretty pricey. I noticed that the prices on our menu had been overwritten. To the time I through nothing of it, and that the prices had risen over time. Later it dawned in me that we were given "special" prices because the local guide took us there, and that the other tables had menus without the "updated" prices. We got off by the city palace and went into the observatory. It was created a few hundred years ago and had a while range of instruments to measure the sun and the planets. It features the worlds biggest sundial which is accurate to two seconds. It was all set in some gardens, so was a really nice place. It was really hot though! Jaipur is a pretty big. City. On a scale from 1 to bad, the traffic is crazy bad. When you're riding around in a tuktuk is feels like you're inhaling a lot of fumes. You can hardly breathe. Lots of deafening horns, and street vendors trying to fleece tourists too. We went to the local mall afterwards. For dinner we ate at the food court. The food was pretty standard for what you'd expect from a food court. Greasy. There was some interesting masala corn which we tried. Half of the shops were empty. I went in a couple of clothes stores, but the prices were essentially the same as what you'd expect to pay in NZ during a sale. I went to what resembled a supermarket, which was fun. Surprising not much in there. I guess most people don't shop at a supermarket. I bought a kaftan to wear to Holi.